Rename Parathreads -> On-demand Parachains (#5858)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-parachains.md

parachain. They can be incentivized with a native token payout from:

- Transaction fees collected
- Parachain token sponsorship

> - Blocks are naturally produced when a parachain bid is less than the native token payout.

Reviewer: This sentence does not make sense. How do collators get incentivized with parachain bid?

```suggestion
```

These could be in the form of:

> - System level chains (permanent chains): [leased slots](../learn/learn-auction.md)

Reviewer 2: nit: auctions are/should be defunct soon, but we can remove once Polkadot upgrades to coretime

Author: yeah I left it there because coretime is not here yet ;)

Reviewer 2: forgot about that.. good call 😁

network, you will need to acquire a parachain slot.

Parachain slots will be sold in open auctions, the mechanics of which can be found on the
[parachain auction](../learn/learn-auction.md) page.

> A parachain can be
> [fully-fledged or on-demand](../learn/learn-parachains.md#parachains-vs-on-demand-parachains).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A parachain can be producing blocks 
[continuously or on-demand](../learn/learn-parachains.md#parachains-vs-on-demand-parachains).
```
